---
title: "Rundown 2020.09.11"
date: 2020-09-11
categories:
    - rundown
tags:
description: "The Rundown where I share with you software development things you are sure to find interesting."
draft: true
---

_The Rundown where I share with you software development things you're sure to find interesting._

### Twitter

Every tweet from Allen Holub is part of a masterclass on Agile development, corporate dysfunction, and fixes for much of
what ails software development. Strongly suggest you give him a follow.

{{< tweet 1303711263394951170 >}}

### Distributed Work

Matt Mullenweg's take on how companies evolve into distributed work (or get stuck and don't).

> The first level is where most colocated businesses are: there’s no deliberate effort to make things remote-friendly,
> though in the case of many knowledge workers, people can keep things moving for a day or two when there’s an
> emergency. More often than not, they’ll likely put things off until they’re back in the office. Work happens on
> company equipment, in company space, on company time. You don’t have any special equipment and may have to use a
> clunky VPN to access basic work resources like email or your calendar. Larger level one companies often have people in
> the same building or campus dialing into a meeting. Level one companies were largely unprepared for this crisis.

[Distributed Work's Five Levels of Autonomy][5-levels-distributed-work], describes different levels of (in)effective
distributed working, and, like all of [Matt's][photomatt] writing, is an inspirational read.

### DevOps

[THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS A DEVOPS TEAM!][no-such-thing-as-devops-team]

> ...creating another functional silo that sits between dev and ops is clearly a poor (and ironic) way to try and solve
> these problems. Devops proposes instead strategies to create better collaboration between functional silos, or doing
> away with the functional silos altogether and creating cross-functional teams (or some combination of these
> approaches).

My current situation has me screaming into the void that we don't need another _devOps_ team, but rather could use a
_platform team_ that views development as a customer and supports self provisioning test and deployment
environments. Jez Humble does a great job of articulating the devOps team anti-pattern and a solution.

### Project

[Matt Raible][mattr] has a blog post and source code for a Spring WebFlux based streaming data REST API. It's worth
reading and checking out the source code.

[Full Stack Reactive with Spring WebFlux, WebSockets, and React][spring-webflux-websockets-react]

## Mindfulness

In these strange and stressful times, take a dive into a practice that blends two of my favorite things: running and
meditation.

[District Vision][district-vision] has provided free and unfettered access to its [Mindful Athlete][mindful-athlete] course which explores the dynamic
between silent and moving meditation. I can't recommend it enough - the first sitting meditation is worth using as a
basic practice, even if you never get to the rest of the course.

[Mindful Athlete Course - 2020][mindful-athlete]


[spring-webflux-websockets-react]: https://developer.okta.com/blog/2018/09/25/spring-webflux-websockets-react "Okta spring websockets project"
[5-levels-distributed-work]: https://ma.tt/2020/04/five-levels-of-autonomy/ "5 levels of autonomy"
[photomatt]: https://twitter.com/photomatt "Matt Mullenweg Twitter"
[no-such-thing-as-devops-team]: https://continuousdelivery.com/2012/10/theres-no-such-thing-as-a-devops-team/ "There's no such thing as a devops team"
[mattr]: https://twitter.com/mraible "Matt Raible Twitter"
[district-vision]: https://www.districtvision.com "District Vision Home"
[mindful-athlete]: https://www.districtvision.com/research/mindful-athlete-course-2020 "Mindful Athlete Course 2020"
